README.md, before:

## Setup
 
 1. Check you have the prerequisites installed. Python 3.5 is required for the server and Node 6.x and gulp is required for the asset pipeline. 
 
 2. Grab a copy of the repo with `git clone`
 
 3. Create a Python 3.5 virtual environment somewhere (home folder usually) by following the instruction from https://docs.python.org/3/library/venv.html and activate it by running `source /path/to/venv/bin/activate`
 
 4. Install the Python prerequisites with
 
        cd cs3216_wouldyou
        pip install -r requirements.txt
        
 5. Create the `.env` using 
    
        cd cs3216_wouldyou
        cp .env.example .env
        nano .env 
    
    and fill in the blanks. 
     
     - `SECRET_KEY` can be created using http://www.miniwebtool.com/django-secret-key-generator/
     - `FACEBOOK_KEY` and `FACEBOOK_SECRET` are from http://developer.facebook.com. Use the test app for local testing and the actual app for staging and production 
     
 6. Return to the project root (`cd ..`) and run the database migrations using `./manage.py migrate` or for OSX `python manage.python migrate`
 
 7. Load fixture data using `./manage.py loaddata wouldyou/fixtures/verbs.json`
 
 7. Start the server using `./manage.py runserver` or for OSX `python manage.python runserver` 
 
 8. Create a superuser using `./manage.py createsuperuser` and follow the instructions 

### To start with the asset pipeline, 
 
 1. Change to the asset directory `cd wouldyou/assets`
 2. Install the prerequisites `npm install`
 3. If necessary, install gulp globally `npm i -g gulp`
 4. Run `gulp serve` to start the Browsersync server, *or* 
 5. Run `gulp watch` to watch for asset changes without using Browsersync
 
## Fabric tasks 

Fabric is a automatic deployment and system administration utility. We use this for deployment and other server admin tasks. 

### Getting started
 
 1. Ensure you have a ssh key registered with the `app` user of the server 
 2. [Install Fabric](http://www.fabfile.org/installing.html)
 
### `fab deploy` - Deployment 

This will pull a copy of the code from the master branch to the server and run through the steps needed to update the site including `migrate` and `collectstatic`. 
 
### `fab createsuperuser` - Create admin user 

Creates an admin user on the server. Please pick a strong password because this is on the actual server!

Commit message:

update README to include instructions about githooks and committing compiled CSS and JS

README.md, after:

## Setup
 
 1. Check you have the prerequisites installed. Python 3.5 is required for the server and Node 6.x and gulp is required for the asset pipeline. 
 
 2. Grab a copy of the repo with `git clone`
 
 3. Create a Python 3.5 virtual environment somewhere (home folder usually) by following the instruction from https://docs.python.org/3/library/venv.html and activate it by running `source /path/to/venv/bin/activate`
 
 4. Install the Python prerequisites with
 
        cd cs3216_wouldyou
        pip install -r requirements.txt
        
 5. Create the `.env` using 
    
        cd cs3216_wouldyou
        cp .env.example .env
        nano .env 
    
    and fill in the blanks. 
     
     - `SECRET_KEY` can be created using http://www.miniwebtool.com/django-secret-key-generator/
     - `FACEBOOK_KEY` and `FACEBOOK_SECRET` are from http://developer.facebook.com. Use the test app for local testing and the actual app for staging and production 
     
 6. Return to the project root (`cd ..`) and run the database migrations using `./manage.py migrate` or for OSX `python manage.python migrate`
 
 7. Load fixture data using `./manage.py loaddata wouldyou/fixtures/verbs.json`
 
 7. Start the server using `./manage.py runserver` or for OSX `python manage.python runserver` 
 
 8. Create a superuser using `./manage.py createsuperuser` and follow the instructions 

### To start with the asset pipeline, 
 
 1. Change to the asset directory `cd wouldyou/assets`
 2. Install the prerequisites `npm install`
 3. If necessary, install gulp globally `npm i -g gulp`
 4. Run `gulp serve` to start the Browsersync server, *or* 
 5. Run `gulp watch` to watch for asset changes without using Browsersync
 
 Remember to include the compiled CSS and JS files. You should also run `gulp build --env=production` before pushing so that the minified files are included in the commit. 
 
 You can also used the included githook to do this automatically on each commit. 
 
     ln -s /full/path/to/githook/pre-commit /path/to/repo/.git/hook/pre-commit
 
## Fabric tasks 

Fabric is a automatic deployment and system administration utility. We use this for deployment and other server admin tasks. 

### Getting started
 
 1. Ensure you have a ssh key registered with the `app` user of the server 
 2. [Install Fabric](http://www.fabfile.org/installing.html)
 
### `fab deploy` - Deployment 

This will pull a copy of the code from the master branch to the server and run through the steps needed to update the site including `migrate` and `collectstatic`. 
 
### `fab createsuperuser` - Create admin user 

Creates an admin user on the server. Please pick a strong password because this is on the actual server!
